Standardize DSL code naming convention (#1521)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/real-camels-attend.md

'@finos/legend-extension-dsl-persistence-cloud': major
---

> **BREAKING CHANGE:** Rename DSL PersistenceCloud plugins and presets to use prefix `DSL_PersistenceCloud` instead of `DSLPersistenceCloud`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE:** Renamed plugins and presets to use the prefix `DSL_PersistenceCloud` instead of `DSLPersistenceCloud`
```
